hello everyone and welcome to League
weekly we are filming this on the 21st
of August and today is the league weekly
verse reddit episode special or at least
it was supposed to be within Kelsey and
Emily didn't put anti rated topics in
and so that it's just me even though we
discussed some type show our schedule I
understand dad yeah since you're so
passionate about it I mean all I since I
read it let's go now I'm kidding yeah I
kind of like me now yeah sometimes all
right well let's get into some
introductions first off we've got Mark
Zimmerman from the analysts desk how's
it going mark very good and I'm from the
analyst desk still currently at analyst
desk yeah yeah I mean that's where
people know you from now most your most
prominent for your position there am i I
don't know what hundreds of thousands of
people watch you there your other
content like there anyway because I
think I'm more visible on on Twitch but
most of my fans I've made through like
YouTube or something else yeah yeah very
good well I figure you've made most of
your fans by singing silver scrapes so
yeah Boston are you going to do that
again at Boston he goes to five I don't
intend to but I don't know you never
know well this is right here we're
starting the campaign right here if it
goes if either match goes to five games
mark Zimmerman on stage again
Emily Rand how's your week been when do
you leave for Korea uh Wednesday morning
okay or you think about it because I
like China are you going to do the show
with us when you're in Korea yeah I can
do from my hotel room okay are you gonna
be able to do it at the same time
because we will have a German and North
American I'm trying and Korean time zone
situation on the show yes I'll be fine
okay I'm not um I just think of whether
I was going to Apex but davidann not
yeah all right
and then finally Kelsey how's Germany
progressing and it's okay we had some
fun games
good you know yeah a lot of bathroom
breaks though maybe a bathroom breaks
are you going to Paris uh yeah go yeah
nice please actually not not not quite
100% yet but likely okay you won't send
yourself you're trying to figure out a
financial situation I guess yes okay all
right well either way let's get into the
show as I preface at the beginning I was
very very annoyed by reddit this week
and was extra complaining about them on
Twitter because I thought that like they
just read it seemed the legal legend
said I never reason always like well
that's just write it that's always how
they've been but this week I felt like
they jumped the shark
there were several reddit threads that
got up towards the top of the sub where
I was like really really and one of the
highest scoring ones let's see if I can
find it was specifically about bathroom
breaks are being abused by pro players
been ruining the LCS I believe was the
title yes she was my favorite season of
Reddit to turn out better and so so
anyway mark I know is just as frustrated
about this bonding at the mouth yeah as
I am and so I mark if you want to go
ahead and maybe take this topic since I
know you only have one other one um I
mean when I assume we're all joined in
on this but like I'm a huge proponent of
reddit like I love reddit I think it's
great I think it's super fun even when
fans are like wrong I don't care because
like my opinion is like well fans or
fans they don't have the inside
information that we do or even don't
even spend as much time thinking about
it as we do so of course they're going
to be wrong like I don't care about fans
being wrong but I do care when people
are just like literally being moronic
and like this week was one of the worst
weeks I think I can ever remember in
like the sub sub reddits history like
it's one thing to be like oh I don't
think Jensen should have been the MVP
here's the thread all those threads I
don't care about but like yeah the
bathrooms are ruining the LCS the nav
you start time thread ruining the EU LCS
thread which
the next topic on here and then like
that na broadcast team turn fans against
c9 with their biases split like all of
those were such fuckin preposterous ly
stupid opinions they're not even like
opinions are just like factually wrong
like in one of the threads and this is
like where I start getting tilted and I
feel like you have an opinion I disagree
with both someone was like yeah man I
can't believe I hyped up that play we're
sneaky stumbled through that teamfight
and got a triple kill it's like you
fucking idiot like he he jumped
incorrectly got to perfect auto attacks
off while flashing a stoolie aw getting
a third jump away in a Buster shot off
there was zero stumbling in that play
was It was as good as you could do it
and I was like I'm sure the same people
that added me for saying that
Mickey was like a super optimal pick up
when he got like the random double kill
and the teamfight and I felt shaky it
was a triple Kalia
yeah anyways the caster bias one which
I'll hop on because I'm sure Travis will
take the toilet one but like they were
like oh yeah they didn't give the
Dignitas bot Lane any credit and I was
like in the opener we said that shaking
toss is bottling could be better than
seeing eyes it's just they didn't play
as much which is something we said in
the opening the broadcast they were
hyped up consistently we talked about
alt-text twitching game - non-stop and
then we gave all tech player of the
series like how is that not like in it
and that broadcasting was talking about
him during the cast as well pretty
consistently it's just like I understand
that the whole oh maybe there was too
much hype about the peerless and stuff
like that if you're talking about like
past the earlier in the season fine
that's just people's opinions and of
course we talked about seeing on a lot
because they're one of the most
successful organizations in na LCS
history so yeah they were in the finals
last split so we expected a lot out of
them so of course naturally we talked
about seeing a lot alright well we're
not at that topic he professed to topics
away so but yes
I don't know I'm all over the place I
said you could take this all it was okay
overall the context for this episode
Dorian Travis's career you take the
toilet one yeah yeah basically what
happens any when Friesland showed up all
right the point is that there was a
thread bathroom breaks are a major
problem in league are being abused by a
pro player
first off I just part of the reason I
was so frustrated with Reza this week is
their thread titles in particular
bathroom breaks are a major problem and
League so first off let's talk about
major problems major problems declining
EU LCS viewership I would consider that
a major problem major problems sketchy
organizations that are doing things to
pro players you know that's mostly been
addressed but still a major problem
major problem
monetizing League of Legends eSports and
the struggles that league's teams and
content creators are having and making
sure bathroom breaks are not a major
problem okay yeah there were a couple
this week and that's why you're talking
about it but it is not a major technical
aberration yeah I think it's because
there were three which is still like
alright there's our pack exterior play
bad trick did it intentionally because
he drinks two to three bottles of water
per game according to his coach so I
love this company afterwards or his like
jar for I guess that was a water bottle
XD or something like that so there's
there's a couple things here one is I
think that it is a dumb idea to say that
all of these instances that you're
seeing are the result of bathroom breaks
specifically bathroom breaks normally
they are cited as like health related
issues and so yeah they Jensen was in
the bathroom yeah the Jensen one I
I mean I'll throw this out there I heard
from someone well so I did an interview
with smoothie that I'll go up and he
kind of referenced what was happening
with Jensen he did not use this language
but it sounds very similar language I
heard from somebody else which said that
it was a panic attack and this is not
the first time in which we've heard I
you know the idea of a panic attack
occurring Matt says that he suffered
from them he's not paused in yeah yeah
off with that but it's some like if you
saw so I was watching the stage at the
time I don't know if you also were
Travis but like he ran offstage like it
was like like I didn't even actually
because the
stage itself is ahead of the broadcast
there's like a slight delay so I saw
them sprinting offstage and I was like
what's going on and then the pause
showed up on stream so um but yes and
then I think I mean I think one of the
weird like misconceptions is because
what happens in a situation like that is
since there is a pause they will usher
players to the bathroom like as a well
we're pausing anyway does anyone else
have to go and like you're accompanied
by a reference yeah there's a rule that
when one player leaves the stage other
players can leave the stage as well so
that's why yes they basically used it as
like a well like if you have to go go
now because there just happens to be
this break so I think like that was
another thing that happens in the g-tube
pause where like the top comment in that
register that's actually one of the
referees it anymore upload and destroy
itself yeah basically basically like the
reason the whole reason like people you
see people complaining about like they
all went to the bathroom and blah blah
they were just taking a break too as
like a strategic reset or whatever but
he says that they actually called for it
a couple times and it wasn't until it
was going to be like a basically a
medical emergency that they paused the
game and then the reason why so many
people left is because they were just
like okay
who has to go to the bathroom because
her dance pause anyway according to
yeonbok
the referees didn't even agree to the
pause it was Mickey who pause the game
so you can argue that there is a
contention there that it was they
explained like when I did the interview
after with young but she explained that
trick died because he literally couldn't
focus and then Missy chose to pause the
game because the referees were still
denying the pause and then Mickey died
while he was trying to pause so um that
was good and it actually cost them more
to take involved in events to like as a
strategic like because I think what
people are worrying about isn't even
that they can talk in between the game
but it's like that you could pause the
game at like
crucial mobile whatever of a weird
moment for it
I think the counter-argument is that
generally if you have like a sports game
you don't really get bathroom breaks
like people is even young boy inspires
like Horace peeing on a corner yeah in
sports it's a whole bunch of other
ridiculous things like you know there's
all these ridiculous TV timeouts that
happen so players can go the bathroom
non-stop there's larger there's more
often breaks like the oddly frequency
with a players on the court for 50
minutes zero zero times in basketball
and in football like audiences accepts
that strategic timeouts are a huge thing
especially like as you get to the like
last two minutes or so of the game so
and then here's my big problem with it
too is like one the rule was implemented
perfectly if most for the most part I
think I think the rest could have like
just said okay to the pause because they
have like the god rule built into most
rules in the rulebook which basically
means like if the ref deems it correct
he can override the rule and the rule is
there's no bathroom breaks but like you
said like trick tries to pause in the
lobby and study how to go to the
bathroom before the game even started
and like multiple times in game before
myth be finally like killed himself to
be like listen my play at my teammates
about to piss himself like let it get up
and like I think the rest at that point
were like alright fine like this makes
sense and that's exactly how I want the
rule to function and like what the fans
are arguing for is they would rather
have a player piss themselves on for
Assassin's case vomit or pass out on
stage then have someone go to the
bathroom
yeah and delay the game for five minutes
and then on the flipside if you want the
rest to take this stance just imagine
what the backlash would be out of the
community then they let Jensen pass out
or vomit they let this kit pass the help
and trick is humiliated in front of
hundreds of thousands of viewers how
could riot do this it's just such a few
looks like your brains not working do
when you make this thread it's also like
a so there's like a weird I'm looking at
lck for this I don't know if people
watched probably not because it wasn't a
particularly hype series but there is a
very serene Casey and
pvq oliver's earlier and they're in game
to score played like absolutely
atrociously like he was so bad and
before like what happened to him and
then miraculously in Game three he was
like significantly better in Games one
and three so they asked him because he
was a solo MVP of that series for Game
one and three and he was like well I
tried to go the bathroom in between
Games one and two
but someone was in there and I couldn't
go and so I had to hold it for all of
Game two it was very distracting and he
basically came out stuff like I had to
go and I couldn't go and he didn't like
he didn't call for a pause and he
visibly played a lot worse um so and I
remember previously I think I didn't
even realize that bathroom breaks could
be a thing like even as an emergency
until season like for when five season
five when space called for a bathroom
break and he was actually ripped apart
for it um and they even issued him
because they let him go the bathroom but
basically what the referees did is they
issued like a warning because there's
like a series of cautions in lck that
you can be issued that sometimes add up
to like subtracting or points if you
like show up to the stage late or
something like that so they were I think
they received a caution for it yeah yeah
so like it I mean that could be a people
want some sort of solution to prevent
players from abusing bathroom breaks
which I don't even think is actually
happening
maybe the referees could implement
something like that yeah I mean sure but
it should trick be allowed to have two
to three bottles of water per game yes
precious take the ball away young voters
it would just feel the water bottle yeah
I think look uh I don't think anyone is
suggesting here that players and teams
should have like infinite bathroom
breaks or the ability to pause if they
start to feel nervous or anything like
that because I think it's a lot of hand
there is I mean a pretty good way to
understand this is that
for many many years now this system has
been working fine it wasn't until this
past week that we found out via reddit
thread that this is a major problem that
is affecting Lea legend CSIS everywhere
not just that like oh there's been a
rise of bathroom breaks is something
going on here if that was the right of
threat I don't think any of us would
they're not know the person would care
but it's like should write it you can
all turned Riya is messing up they're
letting poor players abuse the system
and it's like no they actually handled
in my opinion most of these cases
exactly correctly yeah for the most part
like this they're small things you could
do better right like the ref should have
let them pause probably a little earlier
if tricks actually going to be himself
or whatever but like yeah there's a rule
thing you can't just take bathroom
breaks willy-nilly but if over the
course of the game a player is
consistently requesting it like I would
rather see players performing at their
highest level pause the game for two
minutes let em pee as long as it's not
abusing like you said a strategic thing
which is clearly isn't because you don't
know when you start complaining the
lobby that you're about to lose game
whatever you know I think the moment
that you start to create rules around
the stuff you start to really like there
is kind of a philosophy of you probably
shouldn't make a rule unless you really
really need it because the moment you
start putting hard to like definitions
and restrictions on things you start to
kind of back yourself into a corner
potentially and so I think that the
solution this is rest just say to like
write can contact all the teams and all
the players right now and say look we've
seen rise in this recently obviously
it's not good for anyone please be aware
that like we're monitoring this and we
don't want anyone to be abusing it
please make sure you were using the
restroom please make sure you're
drinking at adequate but not
overabundance of water please make sure
that you know like you we can't really
well panic attacks are an issue we feel
like if this is a reoccurring issue or
player players can sub in and out or
something along those lines like there's
a way to have a conversation about this
without implementing strong had
restrictions and I think it is really
silly the idea that reddit would like to
see people vomiting on stage all right
ah it would not no I'm really very happy
I'd much rather hear they took a pause
the guy defecated themselves yeah yeah
all right moving on the next up is a the
Riot Games hit list my god this this
reddit thread like the headline again
the headlines this week how to destroy
one of the most successful leagues in
eSports history a step-by-step guide my
god by the way versus this one to be
fair to this to one Travis it was a
little Mimi er than the other ones like
this one was a little tongue-in-cheek
but I mean you say that by like the
actual like maybe the thread it was a
little bit more tongue in cheek but the
I don't feel like the text in it we get
here I'll read it well I I read it I'm
just gonna title itself was sure kind of
funny I don't know maybe they were being
understand serious I mean I just based
on the description I'm going to read the
the text because pretty short and for
people who aren't familiar with it and I
want to go dig up a thread so how did I
saw one of the most successful examples
history a step-by-step guide one move
studios and make sure to not accommodate
your two most experienced two popular
casters leaving to them quitting let's
get to that a second to change your
schedule so that games take place during
week days instead of weekends listen
three listen to your vocal minority and
change the format schedule and introduce
split streams alienating most of your
current viewer base for change the
format and schedule again five do
nothing and watch your league slowly
decline to a relevancy so obviously this
about EU LCS and people obviously
reasonably said that it feels as though
viewership is declining or I would say
that it probably feels as over your ship
is declining across the board across
League of Legends at least in North
America we're feeling it somebody makes
us thread it's really over the top and
people are idiots so I don't know mark
do you want to you want to start with
the ranchers anybody else wanna start
off the ranch I can just type in I mean
you can type in and all say it's just
that I think it's one thing to like have
an opinion that is like you don't
understand something and like someone
going to explain it properly but it's
another thing we're like you don't even
take a moment
sitter like the actual other side like
if you make these kind of threads
without thinking for a second like the
bathroom break one like what's the
alternative that you're suggesting
versus just like here's some crazy
extremist rhetoric I'm about to throw
out because it'll get uploaded like come
on and that's kinda what this one can
just thing I don't even think I'm going
to say all this stuff about like Howie
else is declining I don't even think
it's this stuff people who are actually
on teens don't even think it's it's this
stuff I saw I don't know it's just like
really the constant like this is why no
one watches EU ready threads that get
spammed over and over again I think are
just like generally wrong and this has
been my soapbox for a really long time
anyway and I think it's just making
people feel more invested with the
players is a failing that contact
creators and the broadcast team and the
teams themselves have generally had and
so I think that all the stuff that
reddit is like throwing a big fits over
is is not it's just kind of really
random because I think you could have
the shittiest format in the world and if
your characters are entertaining people
will still feel somewhat connected to
the games
so yeah also coincidentally did a video
of this we'll see so I just like this
this stuff keeps getting thrown up there
there's literally no basis for it other
than like circle jerking and it's really
bizarre because I've literally heard no
one in the scene say that it's like the
format fold listen it's all should be
managed oh if they were around right now
your ship would be through the roof no
like uh there's a couple things here one
is I'm disappointed and I know it's
silly to be disappointed in a community
but I'm a little disappointing the
reddit community because I feel like and
I'm excited that often times I feel like
the reddit community does a good job of
holding its content creators to a higher
standard not always but often you know
like I have given some interviews I what
I feel like are reasonably good
headlines and people will say oh they're
clickbait headlines or something
they're not they're literally direct
clips that's not what a clique plate is
but people are so willing to like have
like a pretty decent standard for what
they expect from a content creator I
wish that people applied the same
standard to threads like this because it
is just silly and I don't think deserves
as much attention as it's getting and
now we're giving it more attention on
the show so I guess I'm just being
hypocritical but so yes
first off anyone who actually thinks
that it was silly of them to move
Studios and not accommodate their two
most experienced popular casters is
crazy like it's a suggestion that the
studio should have never moved from
Cologne to Berlin because dough or
because a Joe and demon did not want to
move with it is it is I just don't I
don't know how to deal with that all
right they it just means that they had
zero context at the time of any decision
making that happen and it's something
that they actually just have no idea
what they're talking about yeah zero
change your schedules that games take
place during weekdays and weekends
whatever there's like a mixed bag here I
don't know how much better this LCS
would be on weekends do you I actually
I'm kind of this is worth a legitimate
conversation and really quickly
Kelsey I've kind of brought up in the
past but I do think that the
thursday/friday thing has some impact
especially if we're talking just North
American viewership of the English
broadcast because like it or not the
majority of English speakers or native
or I guess like first language English
speakers are not going to be from Europe
so yeah it's kind of part of the issue
but I don't like it has expanded more
obviously playoffs there so on weekends
now we have Saturday games and Sunday
games and it's not like we're seeing
this kind of breeds dramatic life into
Saturday broadcasts or anything like
that so yeah I think there was one time
someone posted this at the time the
viewership actually increased when they
change it to make it less of a collision
between na and you wouldn't someone said
yeah I don't remember
typically but I mean they I think they
said some stats or something I don't
know I think it probably now is only
declined again because yeah so many
games and now you actually do have to
legitimately choose but before it was a
good thing because you could watch foals
I mean I think one of the things that
people have discounted a lot in terms of
EU going down is the like the literally
so much of this fandom was in fnatic and
origin in fnatic I don't like fnatic
it's not the same fnatic that they used
to be and they don't like they don't
have the same record they used to have
an origin Buster doubt it one the most
embarrassing ways possible and I don't
know like TSM fans are pretty passionate
it was really when I went to Europe for
worlds in 2015 that I realize just how
crazy crazy Pat because I feel like
North American fans are always
passionate about what it's like kind of
bitter sarcastic talk to to their
passion you know almost like an ironic
thing you fans are like crazy everywhere
Crazy's on what region you cover
primarily yeah but you fans are crazy
for fnatic in origin and I feel like
they're not the type of fans that would
like let's fit this way I think if TSM
started flopping or like their brand
degraded or whatever I think those fans
would go to other places just I know I
know that this is a really based off of
any research or anything like that but
my gut tells me you want to get rid of
thought about this what's up so you can
make already I said about the Navy maybe
how did this story or whatever and and
also I do feel like with fnatic and
origin and ours are way younger oh yeah
this better they don't have a fan base
like you're kind of making the same
point but I think you're like missing
the target just lately it's sure that a
lot of the stars and EU LCS right now
are way younger and they aren't as
established and there haven't been like
really good stories written or told
about yet and a lot of them need a
little coaxing to come out of their self
because they're not going to immediately
like it took about two years to talk
proto aamna to talk about how much he
legitimately like hated cabbage art you
know so um it's a little bit harder it's
been and there's like a really big fear
I guess among pro players for a while of
backlash and I think a lot of this was
perpetuated by what happened when then
and nithy chose to leave origins right
whence then and mithi chose to leave
origin and go to Jeju the comments were
actually really really aggressive like
if you looked at them Mesonet mentions
for a really long time like I can't
believe these guys ever checked Twitter
like favorite traders they hated Europe
they hated expec a I hope you die like I
hope like how could you do this sort of
thing and I don't know so I think
because of that kind of reaction to this
perfectly reasonable roster change
regardless of like the situation in
which it was made and a lot of the
origin people had said that if we had
known you know the team would have just
collapsed then it's whatever but the
fact is is that I think that had a lot
of impact on how the pro players wanted
to talk or be in front of the camera or
do like banters so they're a little bit
behind and setting up some of these
rivalries for some of these newer
players and some of these stablished
players and I think that this is a
really big problem right now that people
are trying to work on in the industry
yeah I mean I think it's kind of this
merger of both right for me I look at is
Origen and fnatic Origen left fnatic
fell apart from what they used to be and
your craft saying that there's this lack
of replacement so you know it's
interesting to imagine what LCS would
look like if those fnatic and origin
story lines had continued to after 2015
in behind is awkward
yeah to dominate like the see better
sorry mark really quickly the better way
to do this is how to destroy on the most
successful leagues in eSports history a
step-by-step guide have one of your t
have a have the greatest worlds in 2015
that you possibly could have well for a
Western team to that point
and have one of your teams go out and
embarrassment and get relegated have
another team lose relevancy and then
have your new team that's doing really
well have a bunch of personalities
people don't like and Buster out
terribly at an intern at the mid-2016
event because they went on vacation and
there's this whole backlash really cute
there's a list here that is very
different than this list that is
probably much more honest and I don't
think that I feel I'm right too much
worried
this isn't that fnatic team went to na
so it wasn't even like they lost
terrible elephants it was just that a
lot of the personalities that 2015 spent
three years building up we're gone are
you shutting over that war continued to
be a problem yeah and March you know the
final thing I was going to say was just
I think it'd be interesting if someone
human chat can do it counted how many
players and na LCS not only played in
season three but we're like good then
and are still good now versus in Europe
and I'm gonna do it again for season
four probably well yeah if you want to
clue season Forks then you start getting
people like Pearson in there but even
just like season three I think would be
interesting cuz I don't follow the EU
scene super closely and I would just
based off night names I recognize from
na verse names I recognize from old
times in GU I would say it significantly
lower
we're running course I was like so I was
in reckless on fnatic right now so
they're doing really well you submit the
nuke duck new duck is not doing well
though but he's playing well like a team
again terrible like a lot of us how the
Challenger Series work to they faded in
an out between like uh like mithy like
dropped out for a little while in terms
of like right a bit was he was been for
ducks yeah yeah well and then the origin
time and I was saying they worked their
way back in Olsen we're running a long
time so let's let's move on but I think
the final thing that I will I will say
to all the European fans who hate me and
will hate all of us are being North
American people making statements about
the region but the final thing I would
say is that there are a lot of reasons
why Starcraft 2 died and as an eSport
for me one of the biggest reasons I
stopped caring about it was because that
subreddit turned into this like really
depressed toxic bitter place where they
just talked about how terrible blizzard
was and how terrible their scene was and
all the issues there and I get that I
understand why it happened right there
were a lot of issues and then I got
compounded into this but I will say that
like it stopped being a positive cool
community to go visit and just became
this like whiney little shithole so if
you would like your European region to
continue to fall apart just complain
more be negative talk about how rights
killing it make it after excuse after
excuse and then other people will buy
into that as well and your whole region
will die so just feel free to do that if
you'd really like to how destroy one of
the most successful leagues in eSports
history a step-by-step guide one just be
negative bitter people scare scare
people away nothing makes me want to
tune in more than hearing about how much
you hate it yeah skew is awesome yeah
moving on to the terrible transgressions
being made against the League of Legends
community this week from reddit 1100 or
I'm sorry 1192 upvotes
the NA LCS writes you really turn people
get c9 with their abnormal c9 biases
split mark I can't believe you were part
of this propaganda campaign to build up
players and thus make people hate them
why did you decide to do this man yes
this is a big conscious effort by Riot
you know we decided what we want to do
this foots really spice things up we're
like let's just like randomly over hi
Patti it's always been good and then you
know when they lose an inset and
quarterfinals because the other says
that's going to happen people will hate
them you know that was a genius plan
really well-thought-out executed and
yeah really I mean I kind of talked
about this one a little bit already I
think well one like you could say maybe
in the in the earlier in the season like
there's all the tier let's put c9 high
up and I made people really mad or
whatever but like Jensen legitimately
had one of the best split the mid laners
ever had in na I'd say like spring 2014
bjergsen when you like just murdered
everybody was probably better and like a
couple of it but otherwise it was one of
the best slits gents our beers can also
had a great split in like here's here's
something for you guys if you have two
great players arguably the two best
players in your league on rival orgs who
always compatible
they also play the same position you're
probably going to hype those two guys up
a lot so you know it's like the magic
first bird the Brady versus Manning like
of the NA LCS of course we're going to
talk about these two guys a ton
especially one of us actually having a
phenomenal split or both them are having
phenomenal but that should say yeah and
you kind of need like a star player on
each team I think to really and a
European you when you're talking about
like the storylines for a lot of these
teams especially the more and the bigger
ones you tend to kind of coalesce around
one player in particular right they kind
of become like the avatar of this team I
think it's pretty reasonable from my
perspective for you guys to pick Jensen
from c9 as opposed to some of the other
players on that team and to be fair it's
not like wheat as I just said here like
why beerus and whis jensen such a great
thing i mean there's so much that goes
into this that makes it great like
bjergsen the golden child from EU like
as young as possible starts playing gets
a pentakill like one of his first games
or whatever it was like comes to the
biggest oregon na and like you know
brings them into a new era like all that
stuff jensen banned for awhile toxicity
works his way in struggles at first not
the golden child who like just instantly
did well like c9 did not perform with
Jensen that well when they start playing
and like fighting his way in also both
them you know European imports like
there's so much here that makes it a
good storyline and it's not like we're
consciously like we must push Jensen as
like you said avatar of c9 it's just
that he is their best player and it has
a crazy story and all this stuff so it's
like yeah that's why we talk about him a
lot c9 also I think would as most people
would argue is the second best Oregon
nacl CF history they were second place
last split they came in with no roster
changes they respect to be good so like
of course all split long we're going to
be talking about c9 and then when they
start struggling you're going to keep
talking about c9 what's wrong with them
and then like when they figure things
out and they go on like what was it
seven match win streak at the end of the
regular season end up tying for third
but having worse head-to-head
she'll G or whatever it was and that's
why there Ford like yeah you talk about
all those things as well as everything
else going on Lily yeah like think about
the Mike Young storyline like how much
did we hype Mike Young how much is
everyone hype up my job I don't know I
I'm surprised that people think that
like we over like people on the ride
broadcasting overdid it with scenes with
with c9 your heavy bias towards scene
Island I have I have absolutely no
insight into whether or not you typed or
over high-pass I just I just want to say
that I'm glad that they did well because
I've been impressed with them since 7.14
so yeah I'm sorry oh by the way that
like c9 lost I'm not like oh no my
storyline of Jensen birth bjergsen is
gone I'm like I don't care I actually
would love if Envy also beat CLG and
then like Oh God
guaranteed Newton's Yankees all happens
all the old guard lost is anyone gonna
watch still like I'm a fucking watch
that sounds sick like I want to see how
good this MV team gets like I don't know
it was it was a great upset it was super
cool to see dig do it because they also
did it super convincingly and like yeah
now I can't wait to see them take on TSM
yeah why do you think is this was one
question I look I do think that there is
a weird kind of like anti Jensen anti
cloud9 movement that we've seen recently
and there are a lot of people that are
being super negative about it you know I
guess it would be easy to just sort of
disregard it as these are TSM fans who
don't like it whenever bjergsen is being
supposedly challenged or put on the same
level as somebody else thanks everyone
for the subscriptions but I I don't
it is it just a turd you do you guys
think that there's something else is
kind of causing this weird anti c9 anti
Jensen backlash I'll let the other
people say if they have a different
opinion so that's the queerest extinct
yeah I mean I don't I haven't really I
didn't even know this is a thing to be
honest um so I mean
so it's weird because this isn't new
I think it's like sliced last split I
was pretty surprised at the backlash
against Jensen after the final uh which
was a thing that happened I was kind of
I thought that was a bit weird because I
don't think it would have happened with
a lot of other players um I don't know
if it's because like I like honestly
don't know it's just something that I
like again I didn't even see this was a
topic under it so I didn't realize it
was such a huge thing but it's not a new
thing ah so are the them calling up the
broadcast me for doing it isn't a news
is a new thing but like backlash against
Jensen specifically is not a new thing
at all from the community really I think
part of it is just that TSM fans you
know quote-unquote hate Jensen because
he's the guy challenging the throne that
be Erickson built and c9 fans actually
probably like a little bit maybe not
hate Jensen but are very frustrated that
he always comes up short you know and I
think it's probably a little bit of both
we're like there's people who dislike
bjergsen are just like Jensen because
you know Pearson's clearly is a better
one and I like everyone for the most
part agrees with that and then too
whenever Jensen gets close and it comes
up short
everyone kind of is like see like why
would you even like say this guy's good
and then the people who were defending
it was like ah god damn it he did it
again you know like I feel like those
kinds of things maybe work together I'm
not sure yeah lighting is the g2
standard g2 narrative except g2
internationally to your fear point mark
like and I know I'm going to get you on
for bringing this particular player up
but TSM is ad carry when he used to be
on CLG like there was a pretty strong
like people loved to shit on that ad
carry because he was kind of like the
avatar of the anti TSM and like split
to be this guy who was able to challenge
TSM as a player and so whenever he would
flop inevitably at certain playoff
events or certain international events
the TSM fans would go in there and kind
of shit on him and then the CLG fans
would like get really frustrated about
him as well and so maybe it's just a
pretty strong parallel to what much like
you were saying what's happening with
Jensen yeah and I think I think
especially this season it's really
culminated because like a lot of people
said the last two finals he's had like a
pretty critical moment even though he's
played for the most part well no series
pretty critical moments where he's come
up short and then this season once again
I say he put out his best season ever
and you know it still obviously wasn't
good enough they finished fourth now
they are out in the quarter so it's just
even more ammo to be like look this
guy's not that good he's completely
overhyped and a lot of people you know
didn't want to buy into the hype and now
they have justification to to say that
it was unwarranted you know I don't know
I think but c9 have been the same team
for too long so and by that I don't mean
roster I just mean they do exactly the
same shit so I don't know that's a
little frustrating all right we have 49
Jenson's
so we have 40 minutes to get through the
rest of this so this week the most
exciting thing that happened is TSM
qualified for Worlds I understand that
there were some other teams that did as
well but TSM is not going to World
Championships everything is right in the
world North America will once again
prove to the rest of everyone that we
are the best region by sending our best
team and then I guess I don't know
calculate and Emily if you guys want to
fill me in on what happens where there
are other teams that okay thank you I
don't know if you're familiar Bunge q
employee should be yes guys like all the
time as well yes plus already qualified
but HQ qualified so it's just a matter
of which one of them qualifies on points
and which one of them was on oh they're
waiting for an Oreo yes favorite thing
is is that like people who aren't LMS
fans are like Oh HQ and
the slash shows that world's again it's
like okay Oh lot later their PSN and c9
and worlds again I can do it to see see
you've been just actually more world to
pad TSM and c9 well I mean we don't see
now it's going to make it I feel like
their chances are not looking great
right now
I'm just saying in general that this is
been the case like historically and
people like oh yeah
HBO flash was like no it hasn't been not
perfect listen I'm happy they're sending
HQ flash holes and they need some fodder
to get get them out of groups all right
guys how about how about fun but center
bocce eSports yeah Farzin and company
does anyone remember frozen no it was a
bit yes I say let it go a castling
gamers also qualified and an unknown
team small team you know called SK
Telecom t1 oh yeah also qualified you
know they've only won the past three of
departing 115 chance again return
remember when it was a narrative that
the defining champions never make the
next world so is a fun one
yeah that's it like three for you before
yeah
so all those teams qualified I just want
to keep people updated because maybe I
know they're nothing are we are we going
to see mostly the same teams that we've
seen I mean looking at that group those
are basically the same thing as we've
seen frequently do you guys expect to
see more of the same um I expect to see
Marines out of Southeast Asia as one of
their team because they get to as g2 not
qualified based on points yet no never
no one in you as close I get it's just
yeah the top teams are still like the
top four teams are basically the same
okay yeah it's fnatic g2 misfits and I
mean I guess it's not uniforms anymore
Wow why am i why am I
spacing this splice call you noise are
out oh yeah they're not the gauntlet
well then they got lime Cinco your toes
are the semi-final so even Callanetics
happening in Europe ugh it's all falling
apart who endures okay
I just just I just discount h2 Gabe I
know they're gonna already know is
awesome uh yeah I think I think you'll
see a lot of the same same teams okay
inq will not be going from Brazil so
it's going to be either be pain gaming
or a team that I feel like no one that
was about unless we fall over though
with just team one I actually still
think hgk won't make worlds because they
can't qualify it this is the first year
where it's not possible for them to
qualify on points earliest they lose the
semifinals oh but I have to interview
prolly maybe he'll go sorry called the
internet Ohio landscapes from LPL
playoffs scheduling yeah it's actually
really terrible this is actually the
worst year of LPL playoff scheduling
ever and I'm going to explain why it's
because we no longer have the promotion
tournament so in the past Flitz we've
had a to be apprised playoffs a day off
to BFS promotions a day off to BFI plant
now we just have to be fi playoffs next
a to BFX playoffs next day to beautifies
playoffs why is this necessary
uhand it starts like a day after the
regular season them two weeks to space
out your tournament like a normal so
wait sorry it's all happening over the
course of like four days arts it's
happening with the first round being
like the pre quarterfinals round and
then those quarterfinals and then semi
finals
oh boy laughter hey ern oh it's
quarterfinals and then there is the LS
PL final so there is at least like some
promotion aspect you have left and after
that it's going to be semi finals and
a third place match and then there's an
entire week randomly just an entire week
off before the final and then the
regional will probably happen right
after that like three days in a row like
it did before when snakes had to play
ten games in one day uh so it's just
that all in response because the LPL
playoffs always end late and everyone's
like this is ridiculous China's
finishing two weeks later they're going
to be late to Worlds all this stuff I
mean it's always been cramped like this
those scheduling is noise in country
this is like so it's always been cramped
like this but was like the fact that
they completely front-loaded the
playoffs at all in response to that or
is it just I mean last year they didn't
really and late um for Worlds they could
have space tenable them obviously
everyone didn't they take like three
weeks off they took two weeks off in
spring okay salad very valid so they
crunched up them but this time they
could legitimately span it out like we
still have a couple weeks left of your
just one week behind at this point the
rest of the world so they just want to
give teams more time to prep for Worlds
I don't know I think it just makes the
quality of games really terrible like
honestly honest to god and it just gives
so much seeding advantage because each
and rung on placing and groups
guarantees you a higher CD's basically
even down to the point where the pre the
pre quarterfinals match you get a free
game in a game you get a game advantage
when for placing third and group as
opposed to force well yeah so yeah a
newbie is starting with a point over
snake and IG is starting with a point
over ceilings this split it kind of
makes sense because the top three teams
in each groups are pretty much
significant on the bottom three games so
yeah it's kind of nice that they get a
season make some sense but it's so
really obnoxious and unnecessary that
it's all happening like this it also
means that my week is going to suck
because I'm just going to have games
constantly that I'm washing I mean yeah
I love League of watches oh how to kill
one of the most successful playoffs in
the world a step-by-step guide
by Kelsey Moser have you think killing
it forever according to Kelsey yes I
remember when I asked coaches and
players like a little better the first
time I was there like what do you think
about this class they're like it's
obviously not ideal no sweaty someone
holding a gun behind their back
Hey like obviously not ideal so saying
all right
defining a playoff upset very quickly
this is Kelsey ur Emily's topic
okay you have five topics geez yeah
because I use over my double she's the
only one who wants to be here yeah I
just wanted to acknowledge the g2 spy
series because it was really good there
were a lot of really cool drafts like
spice had some cool comps this like the
Morgana Camille combined with the Durban
Gallio which I think all of that
together because the Jarvan Gallio which
was kind of underrated makes it really
hard for Cassiopeia who is the only one
who can kill the black shield to save
justanna so I think that this comp in
general was really interesting and then
of course it had Sivir so obviously and
but so there was there were a lot of
cool games from spice they also had a
really nice turbine sejuani pick comp
with jinn I don't know it was weird that
accomplished enough fun I don't think
because teach Oh too much better comp
but it was so interesting but the
question is like what is an upset win
honestly or an upset series because a
lot of people kind of expected this to
be an easy 304 G to splice have lost
recently to a chicken you all really
convincingly in regular season they lost
really convincingly the one time that's
like g2 g2 as a team kept like hyping
them up like crazy on the desk and the
only people who are saying the series is
going to be close was fanatic who I
presume the script
members a slice or something but this is
a so this is kind of an interesting
question for me is like even though
slice didn't win would that be defined
as an upset
yeah me also depends on like so would
you define the so similarly the series
that follow that one's envy CLG and I
think talking to the players themselves
like I have an interview with nifty
coming out and he was like he was like
we prepared really well but we also
thought we were going to get stomped
surreal like I'm totally not mad for
people assuming that that was going to
happen so um I think they kind of
considered it themselves was almost like
an upset even though obviously they
would have vastly preferred to win like
the fact that they brought it to five
games at all I think was kind of
surprising for for them anyway and
obviously with like we have someone in
this call who called it on the analysts
estimate three oh four CLG so um yeah I
would I would consider it's weird
because they didn't win I guess so I
wouldn't consider an upset I would just
consider it unexpected yeah upsets are
based off of a victory I think yes
that's how I feel to just the
traditional sports background in me it's
like wow they're lucky to get out of
this one but it's not quite I think I
think for me because it kind of feels
more like even though people were still
predicting you I would win misses and
this it's like stomped and destroyed yo
el fro I still feel like GT slice is
slightly more of an asset even though
you can look at both of these series and
say yeah okay that explains why this
team was going to win you know
like I think you two historically have
been really really shitty against pit
comps and no one has been running
pickups forever but GT always have this
like really bad habit of getting caught
out when they're playing highlighted
somewhere goes so I think that that's
valid misfits I think most people are
kind of split if you really had to
pressure them on which team was better
but still the majority said you along
just because you will
uh all these traditionally penises but
it's like very midlaner you know you
also my planner doesn't have a champion
pool so it's like you can see how this
is going to happen like you legitimately
doesn't have one but it's just so I
think it's just interesting to look at
this because I think more people are
shocked by how good splicer and they
were by this that's destroying and
throttling exalt trying to play Tallinn
Vlad
Kassadin so I think I mean you can make
a somewhat similar argument than a like
I think for a lot of people the fact
that Envy almost won that series and
likely should have won that series based
off Game four was more surprising than
the fact that Dignitas bc9 where is like
yeah it was pretty well understood that
like well ding talks as botlane is
pretty good they make good bear in place
some days really good and I don't think
it actually played out the way you
thought it would but the fact that
didn't cost one was less surprising then
Envy losing closely but I would still
say that it won wasn't upset and one
wasn't it's a Dignitas one yep I don't
know I think both I expected both of
them to be close but obviously I'm not
in any prison but I do think I mean
there were clear like ways in both
series that like prende that like
something could have gone wrong like oh
my god it was a huge question mark and
he turned out to be a huge Russian mark
so yes there you go
semifinal predictions so my final dare
this weekend in North America and Europe
is both I'm surprised Travis and clarify
I just like I long I think what my
favorite mean forget about Europe one of
my favorite women understand topics yeah
I just here's what this I know that if I
pilot the show in a North American
direction that I have enough faith on
Kelsey
and Emily that if we need to make like a
pit stop over in Europe you know like
they will they'll hit the brakes a
little bit and will stop all right
our this weekend IMTC LG TSM day both I
think should be very good matches in
North America what do we got over in
Kelsey land we have g2 versus misses are
no fnatic vs. misses yes fnatic vs.
that's ng2 vs h2k okay and you think
those will be good uh yeah I think they
should be really interesting um there's
a lot of trash talk actually there's
some trash talk for misfits vs. fnatic
interview jezus and he's he predicted
that you all would win he said that you
oh you know our bad so this will be fun
but then we'll but then we will stop
misfits because they are terrible it was
good so fnatic really confident people
are expecting the gg
nope well we lost you killed suddenly
remote muted healthy what did you hear I
miss Chavez secretly muted or everybody
yeah I guess still here well looks like
I'm back to North America yeah alright
they were getting here yeah yeah thank
people like spikey to hgk to be more
interesting so okay ah but it's you can
always choke really hard and drop to
semi-finals I'm gonna keep following
this narrative until there's a semi
finals that they don't lose
yeah because thank you so h 2h 2 kg 2
game am i going to be able to attend my
Game of Thrones finale viewing party or
is it going to delay my na LCS start
time by another seven hours it's my
Slayer na LCS third time because hgk do
tend to lose slowly and painfully slowly
painfully that's what I feel like when
I'm just looking at that screen waiting
for anything else yes we'll start
I think after week 10 and this playoff
series quarterfinal I'm not as confident
in GG's grasp of the meta and I think H
2k also kind of play like are more
willing to play at the pic comp 1-3-1
stuff so yeah I kind of would expect
this series to be long by the way really
quickly sorry off topic and I know that
this isn't appropriate people get mad at
me for it but can we just talk about
what it would be like can you a man
a world where the EU LCS start time gets
delayed by two hours by NA LCS like I
know that there were some salty and any
fans about it myself included I feel
like Europe fans with axes though right
games a single handily rebuilding the
Berlin Wall like people would just be
like oh my god how dare you delay the
starting by two hours for na LCS why you
have this experience is because you
cover na when I cover EU primarily and
then I try to walk over and do it I
conduct their work
oh sure after stupid here by me oh yeah
any oh hi how we found listen kaltaka we
do a separate show where you just read
the youtube comments about you I'll show
that voice
cuz that's that's pretty good your
conception of EU fans that they're super
whiny and unwelcoming because whenever
you make comments about you I'm sure or
na being superior like you fans probably
get really so no I only say I get it I
get why they makes comments about it
whenever I'm like once again TSM is
going to win and you know shove g2 of a
trash can I get that but though there
are other times like this where like not
any fans mildly annoyed by static
starting two hours late again I just
feel like you know fans of access so
much time complaining about reddit and
reddit is primarily na so that's what I
was going to say as I feel like that the
times that Travis sees EU talking about
something he means specifically reddit
is complaining about EU and those the
only thing species about the user he's
like yeah you must be full whiners and
he owes I see them in the twitch chat -
alright twitch chat it's a great slide
to interact with such a manatee is
calling the winery sister yes alright
alright whatever
back to the predictions for this weekend
so let's start with Europe
alright I'm just going to familes on
t-shirt ACK was going to lose does
anybody out there but are you the only
one like so you're going to make like so
we got Kelly's prediction for h2 kg -
did you make prediction for fnatic
misfits it could be
unexpectedly close just because I think
this is actually figured a lot of stuff
out like they stopped playing really
annoyingly and obsessively around top to
the point where they couldn't lie
transfer any advantages to this enough
and so I playing about for example
instance this is slightly more effective
against a team like fanatic because
fanatic have like so as just is really
good at understanding where the jungler
is probably because he's so experienced
and intuitive about that kind of thing
and so I think that also but I I really
feel like overall that fnatic have a
better grasp of like what the priority
picks are they really figure stuff out
in week 10 and are starting to look
stronger I expect this to be like a
really sloppy series the meta to be
super clean but I think Sanada do
ultimately take it so ok over in North
America I am going to predict TSM over
dignitas and int over CLG but I know
very I'm very not sure on the int CLG
thing because much like Kelsey says h2
kar is chokes like int Ari's chokes so
but I think the difference is is that I
kind of know why h2 K always choke which
is like are not there the interaction of
the way that odo works with prolly
and draft in a lot of times I think
makes them very stubborn about certain
things people in there working and this
is like kind of what I've gleaned from
doing interviews with them talking to
and things like this so I think it's a
little bit different from what I don't
need fairly different rosters alright
yeah sound like a high different I
actually think GSM and Dignitas is going
to be closer than I am caco3 like feel
Joey did not look as strong as I thought
they would after the break and I think
immortals
are better than maybe people give them
credit for even though sometimes they
look pretty shaky and wins
so do CLG and I think I am here the
better team at this point in time I
think TSM Dignitas is actually
interesting because Dignitas have really
good understanding of how their team
work from draft to also like where
they've been applying pressure I think
they're making really good use of their
bot lanes and TSM have had time off so
we haven't seen them but I also like
sometimes still have concerns about them
adapting like I don't feel like want to
say that TSM are going to win because
they usually find a way to win and
they'll be adapting over a best-of-five
which gives them a little bit more time
to adjust over the course of a singular
series but I think you can see Dignitas
come out really strong and games one and
two especially I think much the way like
the whole hqk always finds a way to lose
and semies TSM always finds a way to
make finals so I have a really hard time
going to get them when it is more can
you get back in the window panel by the
way I'll just take some body boys yeah
TSM even though I think it is on paper
or closer match up between digs and TSM
I'm still more confident in TSM winning
whereas on the flip side immortal CLG
looks like a more lopsided matchup for
immortals I don't think that the whole
immortals always chokes thing is really
relevant at all it's like a single
player and I see only similarity and
pobelter has one and na LCS split before
playing fine so I really have no control
they have similar coaching stuff they
have Robert or whatever that's it yeah
that's it
maybe he's little thing that always
brings him down the guy who thought the
in-game yeah did you make her the guy
who's there solely for like making sure
their environment is good and they've
always had great environments I don't
know I heard he was the one who toss
them to tunnel vision on things like
Lucy and Thomas and Alvin you know I'm
Jerry that was Robert that was the
sports psychologist fall right yeah I
don't think any of the people who remain
are at all question marks for me in
terms of if they will perform that's up
so I think they'll win because I think
CLG played kind of extra bad this
weekend I think Omar will still be a
problem but I have a hard time believing
afro plays that terrible again that was
probably one of the worst performances I
can remember out of afro in a postseason
yeah I I think about I did the thing
where I felt like dig would win
rationally based on how they were
playing but then I was like I cannot
predict against c9 I did that last time
so I'm just going to it I'm just gonna
int and I'm gonna predict dig win let's
go
geez there are just a lot of people
actually had that feeling a lot of
people were like yeah I don't know I
feel like they're gonna do well like
siren was like that but he still said c9
because he's like God like when you just
look at the information should be seen I
I mean I feel like they adapt super well
the patch to the patch stream so maybe
like now that it's been another week
it's kind of stupid market I'm back in
art for me though
hey that's super old Apache change they
have pretty good balance on the map some
of their jungle stuff is still not like
really high on shrimp but I'm not super
on sunscreen either so it's whatever
that's why I like to Emily's point about
the egg seem to know their identity
pretty well where it's like yeah shrimps
a little crazy so he's playing nunu and
it's like how crazy can you get on nunu
I don't know like how crazy can a
retirement-home get nom they're gonna
get tired pretty crazy the last showing
Slee I see these are a huge problem at
retirement homes yeah it's not exactly
that main you know like there's true for
strong and super clean so I don't know I
just kind of feel sort of fine dig so
I'll just write it and if I'm wrong it's
whatever
alright lck finals hype the caps lock
continues hey up to a total of 8 people
who have watched lck playoff because of
me so thank you for tweeting at me about
that by the way um but yes ok finals are
happening I will actually be there in
Korea um but it is going to be long to
gaming vs. FTP and since I know that
everyone and their mother is going to
tunnel on the BBD faker thing just
because every mid laner who comes in as
like a rookie like kind of heights mid
is going to get compared to faker just
because of the circumstances of this
debut so like progression of it yeah
yeah I think that sounds like LC LC case
team is really doing
service by abnormally hyping up I was
kidding
no likey on the entire maker oh but no
not only hyping up one chip I do think I
do think the BB faker matchup is
interesting but I think there are other
cool things you can look at from long
zoo especially since like this is
historically in organizations
um when long tooth kind of took over
they still failed miserably do anything
in Korea and this test slit they have
they're basically Kesha took over the
team because of payment issues and
organizational issues and they've still
had a really good lit that being said I
so I'm going to call it for sk fee
because i think long as you still have a
lot of pretty serious weaknesses and i
even wrote about it in narco and i think
s kc even though they are far from a
flawless team and yes I know that's like
a huge thing to say because people get
really mad when you say the SPP aren't
perfect I think there are things that
you can target on their team but I also
think that long as you isn't going to be
able to do that I'm actually in a
best-of-five so little predictions from
Emily around the house I think it's
going to be an interesting I think it's
gonna be an interesting matchup and I
always want to be free and Zoila do well
um so hopefully they can give us a
two-year run for their money
I hope it goes to five games even though
I think it's going to be like a 3 1 4 FK
p blue side red side mark I did not
don't do that yeah he'll see remember
every Nanak is another Kelsey Table
Topics
yeah you know I just wanted to throw out
there that there are some teams that are
favoring red sides I'm choosing red side
isn't it so much already even hey cuz
na was 3 out of 4 teams in Europe it was
more slit so but more promotion teams
for choosing red sides I guess you get
in sounds but both g2 and spiced light
to blue side which is weird because
slice and traditionally been a red side
team
when it's not super popular and both
misfits in you a lot one red side so
yeah I mean CLG even the one team that
didn't head into the weekend preferring
red side by Game five is like please
give us red side Jesus yeah it's I think
it's really interesting because if you
don't have champions on red said that
you have to super hard ban ad you have a
really nice mechanic where you can take
something third band and take something
fourth on red side they're still an op
advantage from picking blue side in a
lot of different ways but I think that
right now with certain topics and jungle
picks and spore picks it's really useful
to have that yeah I think I think it's
super good right now just because like
you said that that one strategy about
the double band combined the fact that
general and top share a pretty large
pool right now see like if you take a
flex pick early on it gives you on red
side you get so much flexibility heading
into the second phase and then once
again the counter pick advantage just
generally that red side has is super
strong and there's nothing right now
that feels like oh my god you left that
up for a stick your fuck dude like that
that just doesn't exist right now
I always thought red side on ten band
system was going to be better it just
took forever for the meta to not have
some bullshit in it yeah three automatic
first yeah Zach Renko I thought it was
good that red side was better on paper
because blue side because it asides
inherent advantages so I think it's like
nice to have this balance but hopefully
it actually feels balanced at some point
instead of one or the other being super
strong so I kind of like that there's
like almost never been the case right oh
yeah I mean this is almost never a time
where I mean there's always going to be
a meta where like one is referred so
like in lck playoffs not too long ago I
think is like last year at some point
there is a thing where everyone was
still taking red side even before 10
dansgame around yeah alright moving on
to the last
topic player improvement verse criticism
this is a mark CD topic I did put this
in so this is just a weird one because
it's pretty small there are a lot of
people who were obviously bashing Omar
God for playing a pretty bad series and
then there are a lot of people who were
defending him and they're basically look
he's a rookie
you know he'll improve just give him
time or whatever I felt like this is a
weird thing for me just because I feel
like you should criticize a player when
they suck and praise them when they do
well and you can of course take factors
into account like yes he is a rookie
it's understandable day he's doing well
but it doesn't change the fact that he's
body slamming into a wall level three
doing nothing with it and then just
leaving botlane and it looks horrendous
and then people are always like well
what about who he he improve and it's
like well for a while who he was bad and
then he was fine but people couldn't
change their perception and thought he
was really bad and now that he's like
basically top three and na finally
people have shifted their perception
that he's good I think it's just
something the community is really bad at
is like accepting when a player has
improved actually versus like a good
performance first let you when he's done
yeah yeah I mean it's hard because it's
sort of like alright yeah leave Omar
alone he's a rookie of course he's going
to be struggling kind of like yeah but
that doesn't change the fact that
they're playoffs right now he needs to
not be struggling you can't expect me to
just act as like well maybe you should
do guy I mean I'm sure that I'm sure
that when they faced off against
immortals immortals will take that into
account
right like yeah alright Omar you know
like he's kind of new so maybe no
kerogen close but as much you know
figure it let him figure out his passing
you just not make first blood we have a
chance you know it's gonna be like bengi
is going to follow him around and like
wait and bushes to be fair Omar made a
ton of gragas and I just watched this GT
versus slice Game five and I was like
trick is bite you I was I had a really
terrible suit yes what was I had to pee
he'll say he had is known as one job
guys or like he played a lot of Zach and
like yeah that wasn't really the problem
it was like the strategy combined with
like always having losing lanes and
and once he finally got in like decent
positions with his team we're like the
Gragas pick with better matchups he
still was like not playing secret well
so I I don't know I'm just saying like
with what Travis is saying like yes I
understand he's a rookie and if come
gauntlet he makes some good plays great
if maybe it's next split that he steps
up great right now in playoff steals you
need him to not be this bad it's also
like and we had a rookie just throwing
that up and how do you I mean I think
there was like a more extreme
overreaction anyway so this is like I
feel like with rookies you're either one
or the other right oh my god your god
this guy is gonna be the best player
ever or this guy shit
whatever I don't have a lot of people
don't have anything to drop but don't
make fun of him you know don't make fun
of him
sure the only thing I want to say is
like I feel like in general there should
be a separation like people should be
able to tell when Curtis is important
Civ and then when like when it's
actually like weird personal attacks
like you know like criticizing for
example Omar gods for like that
Gragas play that mark mentioned that's
like legitimate criticism making fun of
Jensen because you might have a panic
attack not legitimate criticism like I
feel like that has to be thrown out
there as well like there's a huge
difference between someone on the desk
saying this play didn't work out versus
like Omar got stuck I don't know
subjects it's my opinion like I feel
like in general that some things that
just because like a lot of the places
where you can comment on these things
like Reddit Twitter it's like the land
of hotcakes
like the land of you're trying to get up
boats are getting this reaction or
something like that I think they tend to
be like very very black and white and I
don't know people should hopefully can
separate like legitimate criticism from
someone on an analyst stuff for example
rather than like I still even think like
the idea thing someone suck is fine
as long as you're not like once again
making personal attacks
I I said like Afro played like shit this
series right and then like if you want
to get into it's like well he flat
forward with his bard and like didn't
reposition his mouse and just shot a cue
nowhere near the unique area in a
situation where that he was that play
was going to kill him no matter what
then he missed another cue and it wasn't
like 40 minutes is all finally hits
someone at the right time like I still
think even if someone's doing I got a
more hot take cake like situation on it
like I still I'm fine with that as long
as people understand that like this is
not me saying afro is shit for eternity
or that he was bad all split or that he
will continue to be bad and immortals
just this series out of him was shit
that's it there you go so we were now at
the best part of the show the highlight
of every week by the way I think we
haven't enough time to answer maybe two
questions of twitchchat wants to get
those going while we move into Emily
Rams
anime pic of the week I don't think I
recommended this hopefully I haven't um
I didn't actually go back and check but
you know um what you say so we'll call
you okay get in our obviously oh I
thought you said you didn't say shit I
was kind of hoping about some of the
sarcasm yeah no no hero again yeah I
haven't heard that one I'm actually
going to recommend it was something that
took a while to come out in the US but
it's now available to watch in its
entirety and husband for a little bit
and it's the new loop on the third
series what people are calling blue
jackets we saw blue tones kind of like
if you compare like how people talk
about James Bond where they talk about
like the actor that plays James Bond
right in terms of talking about eras
for-loop on it's pretty much the same
set up where he's like a phantom piece
and he has a group of people and they're
all kind of at each other's throats or
they're trying to work together and
weird alliances the steel things and
this most recent season since he's
usually identified by his jacket it's
blue jacket loop on or like loop on the
Italian season because it was actually
really the production committee was
sponsored a war by an Italian animation
studio or
an emission production company so
actually came out in Italy first but
yeah it's Melville to watch it is fun it
has some cool moments of animation it's
like phantoms these fun things I don't
know I'll I enjoyed watching it so
they're like an action or comedy or what
it is action and comedy okay that's
that's great leave it few moments of
seriousness I guess but you messed up
there was one correct answer this week
and it was the Deaf note Netflix movie
that's coming out August 25th
that was what action what's that isn't
that a live action yep but it's still
anime alright so that was what you
should have suggested for everyone to
watch oh I probably won't watch it it's
like the emoji movie from you or like
it's gonna suck and I don't want to
watch it but part of me wants to see
like you feel compelled to see how much
it sucks yeah
by the way tonic Wan was really good for
people who haven't seen it I would
highly recommend it Oh
Barriss drink decaf asks if EDG doesn't
perform well well Aaron come back and by
the way he added me on Facebook this
week at 6 and of Bay's drink decaf any
Lehren Aaron did yes
it's true I was kidding I was like who
is this I'm not talking about any
speakers the text underneath this is I'm
Aaron um anyway because it obviously his
name isn't written and romanized
whatever answer the question Kelsey I've
got four minutes good I don't think so I
think I mean he's still part of the or
he's working on the talent of
development section so I think that's
kind of what he's doing alright all
these other questions are kind of left
big ones yeah I know sorry
um salad not lad says thoughts on hooni
most likely not going to Worlds
so he so to clarify for this so until
the rules are changed
as far as I know you're allowed one
substitute and one emergency substitute
which that person is not allowed to play
unless someone gets injured someone gets
seriously ill a family member dies and
they have to go back home
EDG circumstances yes like something
very serious has happened so Cooney
probably will be in attendance at world
but this this question is basically
because antara has been starting
alongside Pina and then again alongside
blank and they seem to have settled on
him as their primary top laner um I
think it is interesting I think it's
most likely based on the things we saw
from from me previously the split in
terms of overextending I think in Chara
is I mean I've been kind of defending
Ventura in terms of he's not as bad as
people think he is because I actually
don't
I think he's receives a lot of like
undue criticism because people prefer
who needs to start because he's more
popular but I do think that overall
Cooney is a better and more dynamic
player that's the reason why they
settled on in charas because that's not
what Kiki wants so alright we're out of
time much it
mark promote something uh there you go
Kelsey what do you got to say well I
guess I came out with a new episode of a
non-competing talk show because we never
talked about LMS for once it's
absolutely do nothing to do with
overlapping content or anything but we
talked about the LMS region if you guys
are interested in that and the fact that
the finals will be between 12 and HQ we
talked about those teams a lot in
particular some family also
more contact as usual a bunch dust
coming out on Korea I saw over watched
World Cup features a little coming out
and of course a bunch of interviews from
North America and then I will be in
Korea covering APEC a washerman
and also L Q finals and then I'll be
Boston so doing good I will be in Boston
I have spent oh you actually are well I
bought me and Rodan tickets to go out
there and they were expensive and also
the hotels will be expensive but but we
do it anyway because it just feels like
it would be shitty to be not covering it
I've just covered every I don't I can't
back out
yours hoping to get someone that you can
fill it that little expense report for
yes it would be I'm hopeful that
sometime in the next week somebody will
decide to help cover the cost of it if
that doesn't happen you know about I
don't know it's like 250 or something
like that if you have Amazon Prime you
could sub right now to my twitch channel
or twitch prime same thing and that'll
be just a little tiny less that I have
you can please sub to my youtube channel
which is now Travis cafard a league and
the twitch channel is also where we
broadcast this every basically every
Monday at 2:00 we've been better about
it lately so every Monday at 2:00 now
that of course I've so that I'm sure
that we won't be able to do next week
but either way that is the show thank
you for watching
stick around if you want to do that why
did I wave hey Travis